1. "Insufficient facts always invite danger."
2. "Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them."
3. "The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one."
4. "In critical moments, men sometimes see exactly what they wish to see."
5. "Without followers, evil cannot spread."
6. "Live long and prosper."
7. "It is curious how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do not want."
8. "Loss of life is to be mourned, but only if the life was wasted."
9. "If there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them."
10. "Beauty is transitory."
11. "I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life."
12. "You Earth people have glorified violence for forty centuries. But you imprison those who employ it privately."
13. "Vulcans never bluff."
14. "It is the lot of 'man' to strive no matter how content he is."
15. "I like to believe that there are always possibilities."
16. "Virtue is a relative term."
17. "Violence in reality is quite different from theory."
18. "Evil does seem to maintain power by suppressing the truth."
19. "One can begin to reshape the landscape with a single flower."
20. "Space: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life-forms and new civilizations; to boldly go where no one has gone before."
21. "I have been and always shall be your friend."
22. "You find it easier to understand the death of one than the death of a million."
23. "Humans smile with so little provocation."
24. "After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing after all as wanting. It is not logical, but is often true."
25. "May I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with Humans? I find their illogic and foolish emotions a constant irritant."
26. "I see no logic in wanting to worship a deity who demands you live in perpetual fear."
27. "I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it. It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done."
28. “Physical reality is consistent with universal laws. Where the laws do not operate, there is no reality.”
29. "I object to you. I object to intellect without discipline. I object to power without constructive purpose."
30. "Change is the essential process of all existence."
31. "Spock: My congratulations, Captain—a dazzling display of logic.
32. "I fail to comprehend your indignation, sir. I have simply made the logical deduction that you are a liar."
33. "Logic is the beginning of wisdom ... not the end."
34. "When you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth."
35. "When there is no emotion, there is no motive for violence."
36. "It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six."
37. "It would be illogical to kill without reason."
38. "Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can be controlled."
39. "Captain, you almost make me believe in luck."
40. "Lieutenant, I am half-Vulcanian. Vulcanians do not speculate. I speak from pure logic. If I let go of a hammer on a planet that has a positive gravity, I need not see it fall to know that it has in fact fallen."
41. "There is no reason that function should not be beautiful. In fact beauty usually makes it more effective."
42. "Mr. Spock: It may be unappetizing, doctor, but it is logical. No, 'fascinating' is a word I use for the unexpected. In this case, I should think 'interesting' would suffice."
43. "To expect sense from two mentalities of such extreme points of view is not logical."
44. "Worry is a human emotion, Captain. I accept what has happened."
45. "Highly illogical."
46. "If I were human, I believe my response would be 'go to hell'... If I were human."
47. "I must acknowledge, once and for all, that the purpose of diplomacy is to prolong a crisis."
48. "Why, thank you, Doctor."
49. "Humans do have an amazing capacity for believing what they choose and excluding that which is painful."'
50. "I'll never understand the medical mind."
51. "I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question."
52. "If those peculiar signals are coming from Captain Kirk or Lieutenant Sulu, their rationality is in question."
53. "The precise meaning of the word 'desert' is a waterless, barren wasteland. I fail to understand your romantic nostalgia for such a place.
54. "Captain, I see no reason to stand here and be insulted."
55. "Sir, there is a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder."
